All right, so we have an act of conflict
right now and we need to resolve it.
So given what you know, even though I've
already foreshadowed and already told you,
would you use rebase if this
was the experience of rebase?
My guess is most people probably really
wouldn't wanna necessarily use rebase
if it means you're gonna conflict for
any long-held branch Over and over again.
That'd be a pretty bad experience,
just in general.
So hey, that probably helped me not
have long running feature branches.
So it's like a cure through pain and
misery.
So it's a really nice way to kind of
fix that problem, but here we are.
So anyways, I wouldn't personally
wanna use it just because it's just
people Be a pain.
So instead, there's likely something you
don't know about, it's called rerere.
It's one of the strange options and
all of git stands for recorded reuse,
recorded resolutions.
Even from the Git docs,
it says this functionality is
a bit of a hidden feature.
It's like the best feature and
it's hidden.
Why would you do this?
Why would you name this?
Why is it like this?
Just so painful that this why
are you the way you are, right?
That's the meme, right?
It's happening right before our eyes and
so all you have to do is enable rerer.
You can enable it in your config which
means we can enable it locally just for
this repo or you can enable it
globally for All of your repos.
So for the sake of you not having your
system altered in any sort of way,
just enable it locally for
justice rebound.
So I'm gonna go git config and
rerere enabled the enabled, right?
Yeah with the enabled true.
There we go.
We just did we enabled it.
It's been.
Fantastic, right?
And right now we're still
we're still conflicting.
Remember that we're still
in the middle of this.
It's terrible.
Let's see where we're at.
Okay, good.
Everything we have the change in there,
so I'll just add it.
We'll do a git rebase continue.
It will play it oopsies all right,
spelt continue wrong.
Will now edit our commit message.
I'll keep the Commit message
the same because again,
remember rebase gives you the chance
to edit your commit message.
I don't want to edit it.
Awesome.
We resolved the conflict.
Now, let's see something here.
Okay, fantastic, we did this.
By the way, it's on our local list.
So if you do that, if you go git config,
I forgot to say this, list.
Local only, so
these are only local options.
You'll see re, re, re is right here.
All right, you can cat out the git config.
You see it right there.
So, okay, awesome.
It's been enabled.
We're ready.
Fantastic.
And we already talked about what it is.
It's not all sunshine and
rainbows, by the way.
Sometimes you could resolve something
Thing in a way you don't like and
you need to be able to go through and you
can actually delete how you have recorded
your resolutions so
they don't replay again.
So that can kind of be a pain when
you're like, that was a bad merge.
And then you try to pull again and
it just automatically does it for you.
And you're like, dangit,
it just knew what it was doing, right?
And you don't want that to happen,
but it did.
So just remember that.
All right So let's resolve our conflict
and accept our change with A plus 6.
So let's go back to Hello Git, and let's
make a simple change to just upstream.md.
Now, if we didn't have
recorded resolutions on,
we would actually conflict again here.
But instead, if I go upstream,
go right here, and
go another change with a re-re-re.
We'll go like that.
We'll git add,
we'll git commit rerere, right.
And now I can git pull
rebase on remote and
it's just gonna successfully rebase for
us.
Everything's great.
We're not, we're re conflicting.
It's just smooth sailing now.
So.
Very nice to have rerere on,
I would highly recommend having it on.
Just that only one thing you got to
be careful about is of course the bad
resolution.
All right rerere is free.
You can just use it for free.
Nothing